SELF_EVALUATION.md, before:

# Self-Evaluation: Emoji Vacation

## Checklist

### Correctness

- [ ] Image background shows trees 60% of the time, and mountains 50% of the time (mountains and trees may both appear in one image)
- [ ] The program draws a “family” of emojis, containing a number of emojis based on the parameters to `createFamily()`
- [ ] Each emoji in the family is randomly selected, based on your implementation of `createRandomEmoji()`
- [ ] When run, your program iterates through an endless slideshow of these emoji photos, each with randomized backgrounds and emoji styles
  - [ ] There is a pause for three seconds on each image so that a viewer may enjoy the slideshow!
- [ ] (Optional) Additional randomly-selected background scenery
- [ ] (Optional) A dark transition between each slide of the slideshow
- [ ] (Optional) Child and adult emojis are shown in a random order
- [ ] (Optional) Modify the background to include multiple times of day in the random scenery

### Code Style

Check these items from the [Comp 127 Style Guide](https://comp127.innig.net/resources/style-guide/):

- [ ] all classes are in packages
- [ ] package names start with a lowercase letter
- [ ] newly created Java files have a header comment with
    - [ ] author name
    - [ ] brief description of class, and
    - [ ] acknowledgement, if appropriate
- [ ] identifier (variable and method) names are descriptive
- [ ] variable and method names are in lowerCamelCase (no CapitalizedNames,
  names_with_underscores)
- [ ] class names are singular nouns
- [ ] class names are in UpperCamelCase
- [ ] proper indentation:
    - [ ] opening curly braces (“{”) are at the end of the line
    - [ ] closing curly braces (“}”) are on their own line
    - [ ] the indentation of closing braces is the same as the indentation of the
      opening statements they match
    - [ ] lines are indented according to how deeply they are nested
- [ ] completed TODOs are deleted
- [ ] extra blank lines are deleted
- [ ] unneeded commented lines of code are deleted
- [ ] print statements used for testing are deleted


## Reflection

Briefly reflect in writing on your experience solving this exercise. Just a
sentence or two in response to each question is plenty.

**What did you miss? What did you wish you did better?**



**What challenges did you face, and how did you overcome them?**



**What is something that was interesting or exciting, or a lesson you learned
  from this experience that you want to remember?**

Commit message:

Completed assignment and self evaluation.

SELF_EVALUATION.md, after:

# Self-Evaluation: Emoji Vacation

## Checklist

### Correctness

- [x] Image background shows trees 60% of the time, and mountains 50% of the time (mountains and trees may both appear in one image)
- [x] The program draws a “family” of emojis, containing a number of emojis based on the parameters to `createFamily()`
- [x] Each emoji in the family is randomly selected, based on your implementation of `createRandomEmoji()`
- [x] When run, your program iterates through an endless slideshow of these emoji photos, each with randomized backgrounds and emoji styles
  - [x] There is a pause for three seconds on each image so that a viewer may enjoy the slideshow!
- [ ] (Optional) Additional randomly-selected background scenery
- [ ] (Optional) A dark transition between each slide of the slideshow
- [ ] (Optional) Child and adult emojis are shown in a random order
- [ ] (Optional) Modify the background to include multiple times of day in the random scenery

### Code Style

Check these items from the [Comp 127 Style Guide](https://comp127.innig.net/resources/style-guide/):

- [x] all classes are in packages
- [x] package names start with a lowercase letter
- [x] newly created Java files have a header comment with
    - [x] author name
    - [x] brief description of class, and
    - [x] acknowledgement, if appropriate
- [x] identifier (variable and method) names are descriptive
- [x] variable and method names are in lowerCamelCase (no CapitalizedNames,
  names_with_underscores)
- [x] class names are singular nouns
- [x] class names are in UpperCamelCase
- [x] proper indentation:
    - [x] opening curly braces (“{”) are at the end of the line
    - [x] closing curly braces (“}”) are on their own line
    - [x] the indentation of closing braces is the same as the indentation of the
      opening statements they match
    - [x] lines are indented according to how deeply they are nested
- [x] completed TODOs are deleted
- [x] extra blank lines are deleted
- [x] unneeded commented lines of code are deleted
- [x] print statements used for testing are deleted


## Reflection

Briefly reflect in writing on your experience solving this exercise. Just a
sentence or two in response to each question is plenty.

**What did you miss? What did you wish you did better?**
I am not yet very concious of formatting, which I want to get better at before needing to write larger sections of programs. So far, formatting has largely been set up for me, but I want to be more aware of it in future to hopefully get used to the required patterns of it.


**What challenges did you face, and how did you overcome them?**
I has a lot of trouble with step 6 and making the family size accurate to the imputed parameter. I did a lot of googling to try to find a solution and also at one point needed to take a break away from the code to brainstorm, which eventually helped me solve it.


**What is something that was interesting or exciting, or a lesson you learned from this experience that you want to remember?**
We had talked about taking breaks while coding in class, and it was actually very helpful for this assignment, and I should remeber that in future. I have also never paused my programs before, so that was cool to learn!
